# List of what each file does, and if it is important

## Main folder
Contains the [LICENSE.md](./LICENSE.md), which requires a copy of [GPL3](./GPL3.md).

Contains a [gitignore](./.gitignore) file which turns off some files from copying to github from your local copy to prevent a lot of storage space or a high number of files to appear on GitHub.

Contains a [package-lock](./package-lock.json) and [package](./package.json) file which indicate to the developer who has this copy, what dependencies to install

Contains a [run](./run.bat) batch file to start the server in a terminal instead of from VSCode.

Contains a [tsconfig](./tsconfig.json) which contains TypeScript settings you can customise

### Node Modules Folder
This directory contains all dependencies that our website requires.
These are automatically generated by VSCode or whatever other IDE you use.

> If these are not present, please run `npm install`

## Non React folder
This folder contains all the files we have been working on that are not required for the web environment
The contents will not be discussed here

## Public folder
Contains everything directly visible by people visiting the website.
Contains:
#### [favicon.ico](./public/favicon.ico)
The icon of the website
#### [index.html](./public/index.html)
The main page and first thing people see
#### [manifest.json](./public/manifest.json)
Information the client visiting our website needs
#### [robots.txt](./public/robots.txt)
Don't know, don't touch

## SRC folder
The folder with all the backend of the website. All our code should go in here, or in subfolders.
### Components Folder
This contains all interactive webpage components. They are imported into [index.tsx](./src/index.tsx)
#### > [ExampleComponent.tsx](./src/components/ExampleComponent.tsx)
Contains an example component, it uses:
#### > [ExampleCSS.css](./src/components/ExampleCSS.css)
CSS file for the example component. Directly imported with it, see the first line [here](./src/components/ExampleComponent.tsx)
#### [Custom.scss](./src/custom.scss)
Contains bootstrap configurations
#### [index.css](./src/index.css)
The CSS configuration of the following:
#### [index.tsx](./src/index.tsx)
The Main backend file for the website. Components are collected and rendered from here.
#### The other files in there:
Don't know don't touch